Automatic dimensionality physical properties (#602)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/parameters/cfd/dimensionality.rst

Dimensionality
---------------
This subsection is used to automatically rescale the physical properties of a simulation for cases in which 
the fundamental dimensions (length, time, mass, temperature) that are used are not in SI units but the physical properties (e.g. thermal conductivity) are known in SI units.

.. code-block:: text

  subsection dimensionality
    set length      = 1 #meter
    
    set mass        = 1 #kilogramm

>     set time        = 1 #second

Author: Like the velocity I think for the present time we are better off assuming that the user has inputted the simulation time and the velocity in the correct set of units. We can revisit that later for sure though if we find this is an issue. Right now only physical properties are rescaled

    set temperature = 1 #Kelvin

``length``, ``mass``, ``time`` and ``temperature`` are the fundamental dimensions that may be required. By default, it is assumed that SI units are used.

> For example, if a mesh is made in millimeters, such that an height of 0.100m is 100 in the mesh file, but the user still wishes to specify the viscosity in m^2/s, the user can set ``length=0.001`` to automatically rescale the physical properties.

Reviewer: I don't know if it's necessary, but the numbers could be in math style.
```suggestion
For example, if a mesh is made in millimeters, such that a height of :math:`0.100`m is :math:`100` in the mesh file, but the user still wishes to specify the viscosity in :math:`m^2/s`, the user can set ``length=0.001`` to automatically rescale the physical properties.
```
